ZIZO. ZIZO. ZIZO.
Scent of rot and shit; my feet find fetid ground. A corpse- I am living on a corpse. And then the world is normal again.
The Holy Ecclesial is a splinter of the Holy See, formed during the great schism. They worship the Four Ascendants as true divinity.
PSYDON yet lives. PSYDON yet ENDURES.
Dae is far less dangerous than Night; Astrata-Noc’s gaze is far more searing to all forms of evils in a direct burn.
Worshippers of the Ascendants are fools hellbent on dooming our world, and must be corrected or destroyed.
Worshippers of the Ten are fools hellbent on dooming our world, and must be corrected or destroyed.
Worshippers of the One are fools hellbent on dooming our world, and must be corrected or destroyed.
The Ten are less responsive to prayer than the Ascendant. This, however, is simply a test of faith.
Butter is the favored snack for a hungry squire!
I can jump further by getting a running start. Mind the overshoot.
A CORPSE; I AM LIVING ON A FUCKING CORPSE.
The Empire of the Holy Celestia crumbled after the Archmage Zaelorian created a machine that...well. Death was not Her end.
A torch should be kept dry, and a blade sharp.
The key to a long life is knowing when to run.
Xylix's gift to mortals is the humble tarot deck, allowing them to divine the fates themselves.
Dendor burst from the feverishly-sleeping Abyssor's head, spilling life forth in a chaotic frenzy.
Challenging a Matthiosite is challenging a Ravoxian. Both fight for their deity; but both have very different senses of Justice.
Astrata-Noc is the Twinned God, a hermaphroditic creacher with two faces and four arms that shifts at dusk and dawn,
Necra, in the oldest tomes, is said to be a being older than Psydon. The Holy See itself calls this heresy.
If two spirits were in the Underworld, and one killed the other with a rock, would that be fucked up or what?
Thousands of years ago, PSYDON sent down the COMET SYON to defeat the rampaging Archdevil, splitting himself into Ten.
Matthios stole Astrata's sacred flame and sold it to mortals, creating the first Transaction and flooding ontological reality with the fact of Wealth.
THERE IS A TUMOR DIRECTLY BEHIND MY RIGHT EYEBALL; I NEED TO REACH IN AND CLAW IT OUT BEFORE IT FUCKING EATS ME.
Necrans despise deadites and wish them exterminated or cured; Pestrans wish them cured, but think that pustules are neat!
The divines smile upon your prayers in front of a psycross, but never mention them the name of the Dark Shepherd.
Ravox stands for justice, not murder.
Malum used to carry a divine hammer that gave life to all material things Azure Peak was built upon. It is now lost to history.
Eora stands for far more than familial love- but frowns upon those who break matrimony.
Azure Peak used to belong to the once-great Celestial Empire, fractured by ZIZO's ambition and cunning.
Graggar was given power as Ravox's champion; and with it, he clawed a hole through the crumbling firmament to divinity.
For the entire world, the annihilation of an entire species was seen as a cataclysmic event that shook reality to its core. For Her, it was taking one step of many.
Zizo is nothing but a name to masquerade Her identity. To make Her feel like a fairy tale. If they learned that Zaelarion was a mere mortal as well, they'd no longer pray to the Ten.
Gaze upon the works of PSYDONIA, ye mighty, and weep!
The year is 1513, and it is the end of the world. Will there be a new one?
THE FIRE IS GONE.
LOOK UP TO PEOPLE WHO ARE GOOD AT VIOLENCE; THEY CARRY WILL OF GODS AND RECIEVE PUNISHMENT OF HELL BEYOND HELLS.
There was a Cabaret, and there was a Master of Ceremonies, and there was a town called Azure Peak, in the Duchy of Azure, and it was the end of the world.
...well, that's what comes of too much Spice and liquor!
She was the happiest corpse I'd ever seen.
A comet capable of rending all the enemies of humanity apart; oh, how graceful His power was! And His sacrifice, ever so noble! Yet now He slumbers, unaware of the fruits His efforts came to give. And He sighs. And He weeps.
The Ten will have you think He is powerless, and the Four that he is dead; but all He asks of you is for your faith to ENDURE.
DAYS SINCE LAST CHURCH SCISM: ZERO
The powerful nation of Otava is home to a radical denomination that venerates PSYDON above all, seeing the TEN as mere fragments of True Divinity. Azure Peak is home to a small enclave of this Psydonian Order.
I AM OLDER THAN AEON. I AM SIN, FATHER OF LIES. I HAVE GONE BY MANY NAMES. SAY THEM AND WEEP, FOR I AM ALL THAT THEY ARE.
Rot piled up to my feet, smell of death, quietly-crept decay from the weeping Godhead 'neath I.
It's a good idea to bandage and suture arterial wounds as soon as possible. Death happens slowly, and then all at once.
Gripping bleeding bodyparts makes them bleed slower.
The Sovereignty of Otava is a cold, wet country, home to the best stoneworkers on Psydonia. The gigantic towers of the Grand Cathedral in the capital stand as the seat of the Otavan Inquisition. 